---
title: "Cocktail Story"
layout: post
date: 2018-09-07 21:17
image: assets/images/hero.jpg
headerImage: true
tag:
star: true
category: blog
author: melanie
description: A story inspired by the names of cocktails
---

## Cocktail story

This is a **long** one!  
Last year a friend and I made up this game of inventing stories based on the names of cocktails when we went out for dinner. This one I actually wrote down, et voilá:


*Once upon a time, o best beloved, a green bastard lived at the farm. It wasnt clear where he came from. It started with traces around the village, ocassional sights in the bushes and slowly, slowly he got tamed. He  secretely helped the villagers on the fields and they left him some treats.  Slowly, slowly the green bastard became a part of the village and lived in the barn of the farm. He didnt talk much and spend hours and hours in the wilderness around the village.*

*One day, he was sitting on the river banks observing the stream as a pink flash in the bushes on the other side of the river caught his eye. The green bastard immediately jumped to his feet and crossed the river to find out what caused such a surprise. Because you know, o best beloved, from all villagers he knew the surrounding wildlife best and had never seen anything pink around. So he chased after it and soon saw a pink rabbit dancing along the path, every now and then running off zigzag of sheer joy. The green bastard struggled keeping up, as the happy bunny rushed up the Mount Fuji. As our friend arrived on the top of the mountain he just saw it disappearing in the black hole of the crater, and without batting an eye he jumped right after into the dark unknown.*

*Once surrounded by blackness he could no longer determine whether he was falling or not. There was nothing to see, or to hear, or to feel but a subtle warm breeze which also could have been his own breath.   
After some time, he realized that it was slowly, slowly getting lighter as he could make out the outlines of his own body. And then he could also see the ground, it just seemed to be an endless brown plane to which he was slowly slowly floating like a feather. The green bastard was very confused, there was nothing pink to be seen but also nothing to hide behind. After gently landing he started to tiptoe around as suddenly a trap door opened in front of him and he found himself face to face with the wrinkly smile of what appeared to be a horse-granny.*

*'Come on in, come on in' she said, 'what are you doing outside during the brown hour? You could get lost in that dull color' she said shaking her head and leading the way. 'I dont think I have seen you here before my dear, are you already lost?' she asked.
'I indeed havent been here before' answered the green bastard 'I was chasing after a pink rabbit  and ended up here. Have you by any chance seen a pink rabbit? He must have passed by'
'Sorry sweetheart' replied the granny 'I have no idea what you are talking about but all the others have arrived and we were about to start the drinking, so come on in ' she continued as she stepped in to a living room stuffed with grannys of all different kinds; there was a fox-granny sitting next to a goose-granny, opposite of a sheep granny who even had a butterfly-granny sitting on her shoulder. On the table there was a pyramid of glasses and a pig-granny standing next to it holding a huge bottle of porn star martini. 'Hurry up, Hurry up' she grunted and urged the two to sit down. In the moment they squeezed themselves on to the sofa the pig-granny started to pour the content of the bottle first very careful and precise into the top glass of the pyramid and then wildly all over the rest as the pack started to grab glasses, cheered and talked all at the same time. Within less than three minutes all glasses where emptied, everything was said and a satisfied silence was introduced by a loud burp of the goose-granny.
'So our new friend here' murmured the horse-granny pointing to the green bastard 'claims to have seen a pink rabbit out in the brown hour, have any of you ever heard of something alike?'
'I suggest to ask the Kangaroo-d boy' said the butterfly-granny who had difficulties keeping even one of her many eyes open 'he seems to be the person to ask. You will most probably find him during the yellow half hour which is about to start'  The green bastard saw that she was pointing with her antennaes towards the door left of him. He wanted to say goodbye but the pack seemed to be fast asleep and so he tiptoed to the door and sneaked out in to something green and moist.*


*So, most beloved,  there he was the green bastard amid something green and moist, once again he could hardly make out the boundaries between him and the surrounding. As he looked back, the door was gone. Also, there wasn‘t a wall, there was green and moist – no more.
He slowly slowly moved forward, then slowly slowly to the right, he tried left and then upwards and suddenly his head was free and he climbed out of a carpet of moss.
Looking around he found himself on the ground of a forest, only he was now the size of a beetle and the leaves were as big as king size beds. Astounded he looked around to  see all these familiar things from this so unusual perspective. He wandered around and as he was balancing on a twig there was a weird sound on his left, like a growing buzz. A dozen feet from him there was a blue light, at first a dot, moving around like a fly. Then it grew into a lightsaber drawing wild shapes in the air and moving back and forth. The green bastard moved back but kept staring at it fascinated as the movements became more shaky and uncontrolled. Then it stopped perpendicular to the ground and as the buzzing sound stopped too you could hear a panting. A samurai slowly slowly appeared, leaning on the lightsaber in an unsteady position.
'Oh boy, oh boy' he said, 'all this being invisible is very tiring, nothing for a man my age. Also I am not even sure if it‘s worth it. Who are you and why should I defend the holy portal from you?' The green bastard had to back off a little due to the bad breath of the obviously drunk samurai.
'Excuse me sir,' he replied 'this doesnt seem to be a question I could answer as I haven't been here before and have never heard of a holy portal before. I am merely searching for the kangaroo-d boy  who might know where I can find the pink rabbit'
'What do you mean, you‘ve never heard of the holy portal?!?!' the samurai interrupted who clearly wasn't a high-speed thinker. 'Then why do you sneek up all masked and waste my precious time and famous fighting skills? Have never heard of a holy portal, I cant believe it, what else is there  to know about? I could have heated up another sake in the meantime' and while he grumbled about his  limbs started to vanish again slowly slowly.
'Sir, excuse me sir', the bastard hurriedly said, 'please sir, where can I find the Kangaroo-d boy,? I was told he would be in this forest during the yellow half hour?'
'The yellow half hour? Oh boy, oh boy, there is no yellow half hour any longer, it is now summertime and due to savings program the yellow half hour will only be in autumn, and only between every second green day and the blue little while. If you wanna see the yellow half hour, I am not sure when the next one will be as there also hasnt been a thunderstorm lately. Anyhow, better go back to the rocks and read up on the holy portal.' And with the last words of his answer, he was gone. One last time o best beloved, you could hear the buzzing sound as the lightsaber shrunk back to a dot and then too vanished, leaving the green bastard all confused and slightly hungry by now.*

*Luckily the Green Bastard felt very familiar with the surrounding plants and trees. He started searching for food and due to his teeny tiny size, he was happy to find two blueberries which were more than enough to satisfy his hunger. But now, O most beloved, what to do? Where to go? He did not know, but seeing rocks not far from him and remembering the drunken samurai said something about them, he decided to go there. It was hard to climb the rocks at this size, though he assumed they would barely reach his knee if he was his normal size. Standing on top and slowly looking around he began to feel dizzy. The forest became all blurry but also seemed to move. A second later he felt normal again, but the forest was still moving, in fact it was shrinking, his head already touched the first branches of the surrounding trees and he had trouble keeping his balance. The shrinking of the forest – or the growing of him – stopped abruptly and the treetops now merely reached the waist of the green bastard. He could see, that the forest was actually a teeny weeny island of trees in the midst of a cobbled square which again was surrounded by a wall. He took one step and had already left the forest halfway as he again felt dizzy and his sight blurred, things started to move again and this time it was him who shrank – or the surrounding that grew.  As it stopped, he was standing on a cobbled square, not sure of his size. He could see the green of the forest behind him but the wall seemed to be closer so he headed towards it. But O most beloved, as he arrived, it was clear that there was no way for him to pass the wall or to climb it to get a glance of the other side. So he turned right and walked along the wall. He felt as if he was being watched by someone  or something. Every now and then there was a breath of a sound. But there was nothing to see. It was also hard to locate the origin – ahead or behind or above him? He looked over his shoulder – nothing, and as he turned his head back he saw something in front of him jumping up and hitting him hard on the chest.*

*Lying on his back the green bastard opened his eyes to see a toddler on his chest. It was a weird mixture of a baby girl and an athlete, hard to describe, o best beloved, and hard to grasp. So the green bastard was busy looking puzzled while the small athlete was jumping around, posing and threatening. She urged him to get up: „I won‘t waste my breath on smalltalk but want to practice fighting“ she shouted and punched the air in front of her,  „get up and fight! I need practice! I have to beat the drunken samurai  and pass through the holy portal The pink rabbit told me so. Come on! No time to lose!“ As he heard her mentioning the pink rabbit, the green bastard jumped to his feet and started to gently punch her back. „You have seen the pink rabbit? Please tell me where to find it and I promise, I will help you fight the samurai“
„I can‘t take you serious, the way you fight!“ she replied angryly kicking, him hard and almost making him fall again. So they fought – for real, o best beloved. Anyone watching the two would have been impressed by the smooth and strong movements. It looked more like a dance, sometime he was leading, sometimes she was leading and none of the two got hurt or seemed to weaken. After a while the light changed and the girl stopped to look at the sky. „Looks like a red evening is coming. Good time to rest“  She sat down and looked at him fiercely. „ I have only briefly met the drunken samurai“ the green bastard tried to start a conversation „but he didn‘t seem to be in a very good shape and therefore, not a serious opponent for someone with your fighting skills. I am, of course, willing to keep my word and help you practice or even fight alongside you if you tell me more about the pink rabbit.“
„I am not sure“ she said „the pink rabbit just showed up and told me to fight the drunken samurai and then pass the portal to get to the village at the foot of the mountain. He didnt mention another warrior, so I dont know whether I can accept your help. I also haven‘t seen him since“ For the first time since he started to chase the pink rabbit, the green bastard thought about the village, his hometown at the foot of mount fuji. With a heavy heart he too sat down and realized, he had no clue where he was or how he could possibly get back home. „You see, I am from that village“ he said “I was sitting at my favorite spot on the river bank when I saw the pink rabbit. It fascinated me so much because I know the woods around the foot of mount fuji very well and have never ever seen a pink rabbit. So without thinking I chased it, and lost it and met the drunken samurai and now I am here and miss my home. I did not know, when the drunken samurai was talking about the holy portal, that it could get one back to the top of mount fuji, I was so busy chasing the rabbit. I would like to go through the portal with you if you allow me to, I couldnt dream of any better companion.“
The baby girl looked at the ground and replied in a  soft voice: „One day, while I was sitting under the bush and plucking its leaves the pink rabbit came to me. First we played hide and seek and then it gave me a gift while we were sitting under the bush and told me that it‘s my mission to conquer the drunken samurai who chose to protect the holy portal, so that I could get to the village, your hometown where my place is. Ever since I have been travelling the plain, the forest and the walls and have practiced fighting. I have challenged the samurai twice so far and it was very humiliating, he doesn‘t seem to be a strong opponent, but all this being invisible and the light saber with that irritating sound and the bad smell made it very hard for me to even stay on my feet.“ She sighed deeply. „But you saw the pink rabbit in your hometown, which definetely  did not happen by accident you must know, it might mean I am allowed to accept help.“ The Green Bastard looked at her beaming and so they started to make plans, o best beloved, the whole red evening long and in to the violet night until they fell asleep.*


*When he awoke,  it was raining flakes of gold from silver shimmering fleecy clouds. The wind was strong and when touched it made ringing sounds. Baby girl was already up, she was stroking the air and swayed her little body while she was singing a celestial song. The green bastard was overwhelmed by this sight, he literally could not move in any other way but in the way she swayed her body. Surprised, he wanted to say something but could only sing her song when he opened his mouth to speak. Their eyes met and she could see a confused expression on his face. While continuing her song and dance she slowly, slowly moved in different directions, observing him closely. And then o best beloved, she stopped and his body was released and now followed his wishes again. They merely stood there looking at each other and it was more than obvious both of them now knew that this was the way to defeat the drunken samurai.*

*Without saying a word they held hands and ran towards the green of the forest. When the green bastard felt dizzy again he stopped abruptly and searched for the right spot where he again started to grow. Baby girl was now sitting on his shoulders as he reached the size to easily step into the forest. It was not easy to find the other rocks amongs all the leaves, but after some weird incidents the two of them shrank their way into the forest. Baby Girl directed the way to the holy portal and indeed, o most beloved, the lightsaber was already there when they arrived – but no Samurai was to be seen. The green bastard raised his voice: „I now know about the holy portal. And I demand you let us pass to get back to Mount Fuji!“
Bit by Bit O best beloved – and in a very chaotic order, the samurai appeared, wielding the blue light around. „I do see why you, green bastard, want to go back to the holy mountain, but you“ he pointed at baby girl, „ you, I will not let pass that easily!“ Baby Girl was panting with rage, clenching her little fists. Then turned to look up at the green bastard, closed her eyes and began to sing. She was so excited that it first sounded very different to her voice in the morning but feeling the support of her new friend behind her, her voice became stronger, louder and softer and she started to sway her little body, opened her hands to stroke the air. Now she was back in her rhythm and could open her eyes to meet those of the samurai. He stared at her in astonishment and intimidated, you could see him struggeling to get back the power over his body. Now the green bastard open his mouth and magically joined into her song. This made baby girl very happy and her voice got louder and stronger and she moved faster, causing the samurai to move faster too. Until o best beloved, the drunken samurai was so dizzy and so exhausted, he just fell over while Baby Girls voice and heart exploded from joy. She stopped singing and quickly grabbed the green bastards hand. Together they jumped through the portal and were immediately surrounded by blackness.*

*So there they were, O best beloved, floating in darkness, with nothing to hear, nor see but only a warm subtle breeze they could feel. „It was also like this when I followed the pink rabbit in to the crater of the Mount Fuji“ whispered the green bastard. After a while it started getting lighter and the two floated upwards through a tunnel. And then arose from the crater and landed softly right next to the pink rabbit.*

*„Well, well“ he said, looking up at the bastard „good to see you back. And now its time to hurry“ he added looking at baby girl. She jumped on to his back and as she was waving good bye, the pink rabbit had already turned and rushed down the mountain. „Wait!I dont even know your name“  yelled  the green bastard. „I don‘t have one yet“ he barely heard her reply as she vanished out of sight and into the forest. His beloved forest! The gren bastard was happy to be back and was looking forward to see and greet his friends as he walked towards his home.*

*He didn‘t seem to have been away long but the green bastard was very delighted so see everything in good order at home. The days passed, he helped the farmers and spent hours in the forest and at the river.*

*One day, on his way back from his favorite spot on the river bank to the farm he took the path through instead of around the village. He passed a cottage and suddenly stopped to have a look into the yard. There was a toddler crawling on a blanket next to a bench. As she saw the green bastard she pulled her self up onto her two little feet, one hand on the bench, the other stroking the air and very softly started humming her song, a song that shall become very important for the little village and its people. But that, o best beloved, is another story.*
